{
	title: "Artichokes and dip",
	serves: "however many artichokes you have",
	ingredients: ["artichokes", "1 garlic clove", "a savory, strong-smelling spice (like bay leaves, or fenugreek", "veganaise", "something spicy", "balsamic vinegar"],
	tools: ["steamer basket", "kitchen scisors", "a sharp chef knife"],
	type: "entree"
}

This is a pretty fire-and-forget-but-set-a-timer-on-your-phone-because-you-will-actually-forget kind of recipe. Like it takes 45 entire minutes. That's a lot of minutes. 

If you don't have a steamer, don't... buy artichokes. 

Rinse off the artichokes. If they have thorns on em, cut em off with kitchen scisors. Then, admire how weird and cool they look for like, 15 seconds. While you're doing that inspect that they don't have dirt on them anywhere.

Cut off the top of the artichokes (pointy bit at the end), about an inch of it. Toss the tops.

Steam the artichokes for like, 30 minuites to 45 minuites. I usually just start the water boiling and put the steamer basket over it immediately - you don't have to boil first.
In the water you boil, put a clove of garlic and a bit of the spice you picked. 
Won't hurt them if you overdo it by 15 but once they seem soft and the leaves come off really easily - like falling off easily. Then they're done.

Now to make some dip:
Put like 3 spoonfuls of veganaise into a bowl. Put a little bit of spicy stuff in it. Put about a spoonful of balsamic vinegar in it. Mix it up, then put it into cute little serving bowls that encourage people to dip their artichokes into it.

Pull the leaves off the artichokes as you eat them - the outside leaves have very little on them - just a bit near the tip. The closer inside you get, the more the leaves and the edible part become indistinguishable. Eventually you get to a point where the whole leaf is edible.

Thing about the artichokes is the fiber isn't digestable, so if you eat something that requires much in the way of chewing, it'll just come out of you fully intact. So... understand that, I guess, then eat away.

Also there's some furry stuff, deep inside, once you pull off all the leaves. Don't eat that part. Rest of it's edible, including the stem, which is kinda bitter but has some good stuff in the middle of it.
